Hello, and welcome to this lecture on AWS Backup.
So AWS Backup is a fully managed service
and it allows you to centrally manage
and automate backups across all
your AWS services.
And the list is getting bigger and bigger
by the day.
So the idea is that you want
to have a central place.
You don't want to create any custom scripts
or have any manual processes.
You want to have a central view
of your backup strategy.
So supported services are pretty wide.
For example, Amazon EC2, EBS, Amazon S3, RDS and
all database engines supported,
Aurora, DynamoDB, DocumentDB, Amazon Neptune,
EFS, FSX, including Lustre,
and Windows File Server
and probably others.
AWS Storage Gateway,
such as the Volume Gateway.
And it's more that can come over time, but I'm
not necessarily going to update
this lecture because, well
it doesn't really matter.
The ideas that you get the concept behind
database backup
and the most important services
are shown on the slide.
So it supports cross-region backups.
Doesn't mean that you cant have
your backup pushed to another region
for disaster recovery strategy,
all in one place.
And also supports cross-account backups,
if you are using multiple accounts
in your AWS strategy.
So, it supports point
in time recovery for supported services,
such as Aurora.
It supports on-demand and scheduled backups.
There's tag-based backup policies to
make sure you only backup
maybe resources that have been tagged
with production.
And you can create backup policies known
as Backup Plans.
You define the frequency, for example
every 12 hours or weekly or monthly
or whatever cron expression you have,
the Backup Window.
If you want to transition the backup
itself to Cold Storage.
So never, or maybe after some days,
some weeks, some months or some years,
and the Retention Period of your backup.
So every always or days, weeks, months, and years.
So it's quite supportive and comprehensive
and it supports really most services,
so it's a really nice addition
to the AWS services.
So if we have a look at AWS Backup,
we create a backup plan, as I said, and then
you assign specific AWS resources
that are important to you.
So here is a list, but it can get bigger.
And then once it's done well,
automatically your back,
your data is going to be backed up to Amazon S3
in an internal bucket that is specific
to AWS Backup.
And another feature you need to know about
for AWS Backup is the Vault Lock.
So you enforce a WORM read, Write Once Read Many
Policy.
That means that all your backup
that you store in your Backup Vault
cannot be deleted.
So the idea is that, you know for sure,
you can prove it that thanks
to the Vault Lock Policy,
you cannot delete your backups.
And it provides an additional layer of defense
for your backups against, for example
inadvertent or malicious delete operations or
updates that shorten or alter
the retention period.
And even the root user itself cannot delete
backups when enabled.
So it gives you strong guarantees on the safety
of your backups.
Okay, that's all you need to know
for the AWS Backup service.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.